System Requirements for Koplayer
If you want to run Koplayer on your system, your PC specifications must meet these minimum requirements.

RAM – 2GB
CPU – Dual core AMD or Intel CPU
HDD – 10 GB of free disk space
OS – Windows 7 or higher versions
Resolution – Minimum 1024X768
Graphics Card – GPU with OpenGL 2.1

yt video = no

download link = https://koplayer.software.informer.com/download/?ca15bde6-1.4.1049

About and main features = https://koplayerpc.com/

About: KOPLAYER is an Android emulator software that allows users to run Android apps and games on their Windows or macOS computers. It provides a virtual environment that simulates an Android device, enabling users to enjoy mobile applications on a larger screen with the convenience of keyboard and mouse controls.

It aims to bridge the gap between mobile and desktop experiences by offering a seamless platform for running Android apps on computers.


A big screen, smooth operation, and unlimited storage. Are you worried about the small screen of your phones? Are you depressed that some games can’t run on your phone? Download the Koplayer Android emulator offline installer for PC. No such problems will appear any more.

Compatible with Windows XP/7/8/10. Android emulator can run on your PC with a Windows system which is smoother than playing on Android devices.

And it is far more than similar products on game performance. Internal integrated Google Play store to be compatible with all apps. Android emulator program has an internal integrated Google Play Store.

Players can download, install, and play any app from the Google Play store in the app. Of course, you can also drag .apk files to the app to install them.

Supporting gamepad, keyboard, and mouse. It has many built-in functions for camera, microphone, keyboard, etc. Players can enjoy mobile games with a gamepad, and chat by keyboard which cannot be get from Android devices.


Main features: The features of Koplayer help you to understand what makes it different from other emulators out there in the market. Simply have a look at some of the wonderful features of Koplayer here.
It has a very simple, easy to use and interactive user interface.

It allows you to enjoy all the Android apps on the big screen with more fun and enthusiasm.

The built-in video recording feature enables you to record your favorite videos and enjoy them at your convenient time.
It provides free-to-play downloadable content.
You can record and share your gameplay with your friends or anyone you want.
It comes with an inbuilt Google Play Store, thus giving you a facility to access any app you want at the touch of a button within the interface of this emulator.